coming later this week we have cafe
international which is the iPad version
of the 1989 spilled jars winner now I
was a toddler at this time and I believe
most Americans were not following the
sdj at this time however it is an
interesting game and a great way for us
to experience this classic winner so
let's take a look and see how it plays
on iOS fa International is a card or
tile placement game that can play it be
played with up to four players these
players can be AI or human players in a
pass and played tag mode and since all
the information is open this mode
actually can work quite well you can
change the computers difficulty as well
as the image that represents them and
you can play with any number of players
with at least two in this mode there's
quite a bit of strategy in cafe
international but the rules are quite
simple on a given turn you can place one
or two guests from your hand onto the
board you can also replace a joker which
is a one size fits all type guest or you
can place one of your guest cards on the
bar which is above which will give you
either positive or negative points when
playing cards initially on a table you
do need to be able to play two cards
that will be touching the same table so
in this instance I played a German and a
Turkish woman and since there were a man
and a woman that could be played and
they are both touching the Turkish table
so that was a legal move in cafe
international you are trying to score
points you score points for each guest
touching the table that your character
just touched now if it is only
characters of that country around a
certain table of the same country then
you ask old score double the points
which is a great way and a great
strategy to look out for the interface
for the game is fairly clear and there
is also tutorial that can help you learn
how it works
the game itself is quite fun and has a
lot of strategy to it as well as being
accessible to a family-type audience as
mentioned previously there is a tutorial
that can help you learn the ins and outs
of the games it is a pretty simple game
but the tutorial does help you learn it
quickly it is nice to have there
features to the game include
leaderboards which use games enjoy to
connect with your friends apart from
this we also have just basic settings
that can change to help gameplays speed
up or to I'm just to help with the
volume controls apart from the classic
mode there is also a solitaire and time
the game mode the solitaire mode is to
be played alone and it's all about
placing cards in the best situations to
score points this is great practice and
also a way that friends can compete
online and will be interesting to see
how our scores stack up in the solitaire
mode on Game Center the game features a
hint system which allows you to have
three hints during a game telling you
where to place a certain card for the
best scoring opportunity however you
score half points when you do this you
can also adjust the sound settings while
in the game Cafe International seems
like a very fun game and though it is
not perhaps the most strategic game with
a large amount of luck there definitely
is a lot of control given to the player
and will be a great game for families
especially with the art style given in
the app the interface of the app is done
overall quite well I like the style I
like the information it's all fairly
clear there are some problems with
ending a turn it doesn't always tell you
that your turn is over since there are
different ways that your turn can be
ended then it would be great to have
more indication of this this game works
very well solo and especially pass and
play the game is all open information
and so it is great for multiple players
to sit around and play at one time I
think that this will be a good feature
especially for family since this game is
fairly accessible in the future Network
play has been planned to be added
according to the developers and it will
be a welcome feature though I think that
a lot of the fun that I will have of
this game will be Solo and pass
play with friends and family